docs: update vc-configuration md doc (#6503)
ChainSafe/lodestar: docs/pages/validator-management/vc-configuration.md

[TOC]

> ### Create a keystore

Reviewer: Should we just move this into "Setup your validator" section? would also fit in right before "Import a validator keystore to Lodestar"

### Submit a validator deposit

> Please use the official Ethereum Launchpad to perform your deposits. Ensure your deposits are sent to the proper beacon chain deposit address for the proper network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the official Ethereum Launchpad to perform your deposits. Ensure your deposits are sent to the proper beacon chain deposit address on the correct network.
```

#### Mainnet
- [Ethereum Mainnet Launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org)

> - [Beacon Chain Deposit Contract: `0x00000000219ab540356cBB839Cbe05303d7705Fa`](https://etherscan.io/address/0x00000000219ab540356cbb839cbe05303d7705fa)
> 
> #### Holesky Testnet
> - [Ethereum Holesky Testnet Launchpad](https://holesky.launchpad.ethereum.org)
> - [Holesky Beacon Chain Deposit Contract: `0x4242424242424242424242424242424242424242`](https://holesky.etherscan.io/address/0x4242424242424242424242424242424242424242)

Reviewer: Could consider only having the ref on the text

```suggestion
- [Beacon Chain Deposit Contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x00000000219ab540356cbb839cbe05303d7705fa) `0x00000000219ab540356cBB839Cbe05303d7705Fa`

#### Holesky Testnet
- [Ethereum Holesky Testnet Launchpad](https://holesky.launchpad.ethereum.org)
- [Holesky Beacon Chain Deposit Contract](https://holesky.etherscan.io/address/0x4242424242424242424242424242424242424242) `0x4242424242424242424242424242424242424242`
```
